now desperate crowds have been
scrambling for Aid at the Raffa Crossing
between Gaza and Egypt Palestinians try
to stop Aid truck searching for food and
other supplies The Crossing is the main
route for Relief deliveries
Communications have been repeatedly cut
in Gaza further complicating the
distribution of basic
Goods well that's as the humanitarian
situation inside the strip is worsening
by the day Palestinians have been
standing in Long food cues in Rafa to
receive small amounts of
the UN food program says around half of
gaza's population is now starving hanim
Mahmud has more on the deteriorating
conditions in the
strip we are at the southern western
side of Rafa City this particular area
is an evacuation Zone this is the other
side of Al maazi evacuation Zone where
25,000 Palestinian displaced hungry
thirsty and more profoundly traumatized
Palestinian being displaced into this
area and in the building behind me that
is theq Hospital under constructions
25,000 people with only one source of
water 5,000 lers of water available
every day for
25,000 evacuees and displaced
Palestinian when we look at the number
of people and the amount of water we can
understand the level of difficulty
people are going through this building
right here is still under construction
it lacks the very Basic Essentials the
Food Supplies the Water Supplies the
sanitation and the hygiene facilities
that are important for the survival of
human beings the area outside the
hospital where people have set up their
tents there are PES of garbage mounting
around the area causing and threatening
public health and the the threat of the
spread of infectious disease
around the area everywhere you look
there are piles of this garbage around
the area there is also the fear of rain
and water because it can cause a great
deal of a flood in this area Gaza winter
can be cold can be wet as well as
possibility of flood can can occur the
living conditions of people in this area
are very difficult and in comparison to
where people or where they stayed before
for their livelihood one person in a
very frustrating tone describe how his
life has it changed dramatically he
lived in a concrete home with all he
needs all the basic supplies from water
food and medical supplies found himself
here in a makeshift tent a nylon and
plastic tent here in this evacuation
Zone the situation is very difficult no
toilets no food no water we buy drinking
water every day but many people don't
have any money to buy anything our
children are suffering from the lack of
toilets and we worry about their health
this is how an evacuation site in Gaza
looks like as you can see it lacks the
very basic sanitation the very basic
hygiene facilities we're looking at a
concrete skeleton where hundreds of
people the building in different floors
trying to live their life with the basic
minimum of living conditions if they
need water they have to walk a distance
away from this building to get their one
gallon of water if they need to use a
toilet it's also another journey in the
open area to use the toilet each passing
day in this evacuation Zone represents
an
increasingly very difficult day for this
place Palestinians who have become
thirsty hungry and more profoundly
traumatized as the war continues to
pound the Gaza Strip from north to south
hanim Mahmud al- maasi evacuation Zone
aljer